Adding ReDoc and scc-oa3 (#1662)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: IMPLEMENTATIONS.md

| WebSphere Liberty | [Download jar](https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/) | JavaScript | Includes a native OpenAPI v3 UI which allows for customization of its banners and URL |
| Widdershins | [github/Mermade/widdershins](https://github.com/Mermade/widdershins) | Node.js | Generate Slate/Shins markdown from OpenAPI 3.0.x |
| angular-swagger-ui | [github/angular-swagger-ui](https://github.com/Orange-OpenSource/angular-swagger-ui) | AngularJS | An angularJS implementation of Swagger UI |

> | ReDoc | [github/Rebilly/ReDoc](https://github.com/Rebilly/ReDoc) | Javascript | React based API Documentation for Open API 2.x or 3.x |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ReDoc | [github/Rebilly/ReDoc](https://github.com/Rebilly/ReDoc) | Javascript | React based API Documentation for OpenAPI 2.x or 3.x |
```

| slush-vertx | [github/pmlopes/slush-vertx](https://github.com/pmlopes/slush-vertx) | Java, Kotlin & Groovy | Generate server skeleton for [Vert.x Web API Contract](http://vertx.io/docs/#web) and API Client based on [Vert.x 3 Web Client](http://vertx.io/docs/#web)
| WebSphere Liberty | [Download jar](https://developer.ibm.com/wasdev/downloads/) | Java EE | Generates OpenAPI v3 documentation from Java EE applications |
| swagger-node-codegen | [github/fmvilas/swagger-node-codegen](https://github.com/fmvilas/swagger-node-codegen) | Node.js | Generates a Node.js/express server, but also has a template engine for creating any templates needed. |

> | spring-cloud-contract-oa3 | [github/springframeworkguru/spring-cloud-contract-oa3](https://github.com/springframeworkguru/spring-cloud-contract-oa3) | Java / Groovy | Define Consumer Driven Contracts for Spring Cloud Contract in Open API 3.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| spring-cloud-contract-oa3 | [github/springframeworkguru/spring-cloud-contract-oa3](https://github.com/springframeworkguru/spring-cloud-contract-oa3) | Java / Groovy | Define Consumer Driven Contracts for Spring Cloud Contract in OpenAPI 3.0 |
```
